{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f17\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f18\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f20\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f22\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f24\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Paul Friedlander}{\operator Paul Friedlander}{\creatim\yr1998\mo12\dy4\hr13\min59}{\revtim\yr1998\mo12\dy4\hr14\min8}
{\version4}{\edmins9}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords723}{\nofchars4125}{\*\company Earth Light Studio}{\nofcharsws5065}{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {\i\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par }{\b\i\f1\fs144\cf10\cgrid0 Z}{\b\i\f1\fs96\cf10\cgrid0 ip}{\b\i\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0  }{\b\i\f1\fs144\cf10\cgrid0 A}{\b\i\f1\fs96\cf10\cgrid0 rt}{\b\i\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0   }{\i\f1\fs36\cf10\cgrid0 for Windows 95, Ver. 1.5}{\f1\fs40\cf10\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~}{\f1\fs56\cf2\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________
\par }\pard \qc\li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs40\cf2\cgrid0 ##### INTRODUCTION #####       }{\f1\fs40\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf9\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 \tab TIP   >>>        Select and  Copy This File onto Clipboard to Print Out.
\par \tab 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________}{\f1\fs40\cf2\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs40\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\fs144\cf2\cgrid0 ?}{\b\f1\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 What is  "Zip Art"...?}{\b\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cgrid0 Zip Art is a program which creates beautiful images. You create the images, its easy and you don't need to be an artist to do it. 
\par 
\par All it takes is enjoying yourself!
\par }{\f1\fs24\cgrid0 
\par }{\f14\fs144\cf2\cgrid0 \'4a}{\f14\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 \'20}{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 Getting Around...}{\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par Version 1.5 has much clearer hints on the main tool bar, an easier to use Select tool and  for the first time something very simple: the option to use single colors instead of the automatically blended palettes. The single colors are hidd
en under the main tools, right click the background of the tool bar to find the individual colors.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 Just a little warning before we get started. If you right click the mouse, all the drawing tools disappear. HELP what do you  do? If you are left looking at a completely blank screen, don't panic. Right click the mouse again
 to restore the drawing tools.There are one or two things which only work when the tools are hidden, like dragging the whole screen or setting the picture flying. If you want to try out flying, you can use the select tool to control the speed. 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 Zip Art is a }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 full screen maximiz}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 ed only application. You cannot run it in a window. It was developed at 1024 x 768 resolution but should work OK at other settings.}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
 You can Alt Tab to get to other applications you have running in the background. 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\f14\fs144\cf2\cgrid0 \'dc}{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 How to Zip...}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 If you have not tried the tutorial, why not try it now? It shows you the basics plus a neat trick for getting lots of surprises on screen by 'replaying' your drawing and changing the settings while it replays.
\par }{\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f14\fs144\cf2\cgrid0 \'5b}{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 OK, So what else...}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
You have literally hundreds of different drawing tools available. All the 'red bar' tools change at random every time you click on them. When you want more control, click on the bar and it will turn green, the tools stop changing at random and you can cha
nge them by incrementing the tool 'spec', located over on the right next to the pen width indicator. 
\par 
\par Talking of pen widths, you can turn off the auto pen width selector ( This resizes your pen width everytime you click on a drawing tool. ) but it will sti
ll operate on the 'red bar' tools. Why? Because if you try choosing a very wide pen with a complex tool, it could take a very long time to draw. Better to save the crazy pen widths for simple tools like Fingerpaint.
\par }{\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f14\fs144\cf2\cgrid0 \'d8}{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0  Another Good tip or two...}{\b\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 If you pr
ess the F12 key, you will go to the color editor, 'close' will take you back to your picture. Now, while on drawing tools, click down the button over on the left to stop the Color palettes changing at random and press the space bar to hide the tools. Pres
s
 the F12 to return to the Color editor and this time click on copy color field. Cool, a perfect background is drawn for you. After its completed, press shift and Page Down to save it in memory. Then press 'b' to show a background we already made for you. 
You can go back to your background by pressing Page Down anytime you want or save something else. There are 5 images you can store in memory and any number of different backgrounds you can design with the Color editor.}{\f1\fs22\cf9\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 More information contains, well, more
 information and the Hot Key Short Cuts is exactly that. The trick for printing out the Short cuts is to press Print screen (This button is located near the top right of your keyboard), that puts the screen onto the clipboard. Then you have to open the cl
ipboard in Paint or whatever other image software you have to print it out.
\par 
\par }{\b\f14\fs144\cf2\cgrid0 \'2b}{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 Finally...
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 If you have a licenced copy of Zip Art, you can get technical support by E-mail for 30 days from the date of purchase, send your questions to }{\f1\fs22\ul\cf2\cgrid0 praskovi@clara.net}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 . You c
an also visit my Web Site at }{\f1\fs22\ul\cf2\cgrid0 http://home.clara.net/praskovi/}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
 . Zip Art has been created by a small organisation so please be patient.  You own the copyright for artwork you create with Zip Art. You may use it as you please. If you are distributring it comm
ercially, we invite you attach the Zip Art logo as proof of its origin and authenticity. The Zip Art logo is the image displayed when Zip Art opens, You will find it in the the Zip Art folder, }{\f1\fs22\ul\cf2\cgrid0 newzipart.bmp}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
. You may resize it or change its background color to suit your needs.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Paul Friedlander\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab               2 March 1997 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par 
\par Earth Light Studio\tab \tab   \tab \tab \tab          \tab         London, England
\par 
\par ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~}{\b\f1\fs22\cf9\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 
\par Zip Art (c) Copyright 1997\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab      all rights reserved.
\par 
\par ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~}{\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs22\cgrid0 
\par }{\cgrid0 
\par }}