{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f17\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f18\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f20\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f21\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f22\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f24\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f28\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;
\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*
\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Paul Friedlander}{\operator Paul Friedlander}{\creatim\yr1998\mo12\dy4\hr14\min19}{\revtim\yr1998\mo12\dy4\hr14\min20}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1460}{\nofchars8324}
{\*\company Earth Light Studio}{\nofcharsws10222}{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang2057\cgrid {\i\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par }{\b\i\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0 ZIP ART }{\i\f1\fs36\cf10\cgrid0 for Windows 95, Version 1}{\f1\fs40\cf10\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs56\cf10\cgrid0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~}{\f1\fs56\cf2\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cf1\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________
\par }\pard \qc\li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs40\cf1\cgrid0  }{\f1\fs24\cf1\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs40\cf2\cgrid0 ######  MORE INFORMATION ######   
\par }\pard \li288\ri288\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\fs24\cf2\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf1\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf6\cgrid0 TIP>>>         Copy This File onto Clipboard to Print Out.
\par \tab \tab 
\par }{\f1\fs24\cf1\cgrid0 ________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 DEFAULT APPEARANCE OF THE SCREEN
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
\par Drawing area is black. All drawing tool buttons on the left, lower edge of screen,
\par 
\par Red bar tools 'spec' can be changed with left and right arrows and keys.
\par 
\par Default is line drawing with 32 pixel wide line. 
\par Line width can be changed with key board(see below)
\par 
\par Default colour is  'Rainbow'.  This will change at random from time to time. To prevent color palette changing at random, click down button at left corner. You can change  color palette by clicking on "color" or with hot key short cuts. 
\par 
\par You can import and export bitmaps with the clipboard. There also are Open and Save Bitmap buttons on the Replay tools bar. If you use this latter method for }{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 opening}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
 or saving, all bitmaps are automatically stretched to full screen.
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 LOG PLAY BACK BUTTONS
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
\par A log of a drawing session is used by replay to show what you have been drawing. The buttons on The Drawing tools bar give you replay, stop, looping of current 'log', and NEW, which will delete the current log. A log is a record of a drawing session. Ther
e is also a replay tool bar where you can save or open log files. 
\par 
\par OPEN LOG             \tab Open Log file
\par ZERO                 \tab \tab Go to start
\par STOP
\par PLAY
\par BACK ARROW           \tab Will repeat  }{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 replay}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0  continuously
\par FORWARD ARROW        Increment one step at a time through log
\par 
\par Ed and enter keys   Log editing (allows you to replay from selected point, will cause changes to the replay but does not effect the file.)
\par Scroll Bar accelerates  speed of playback.
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 SYSTEM SETTINGS
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
\par Scroll bars          \tab Controls the 'Wave' Tool only.
\par 
\par Color Mode          \tab P, Palette (single color) (not in use currently)
\par \{hidden\}                  S, default mode ( but can modified with qwerty...see HOT KEYS)
\par                             \tab C, Complete auto with no overrides. (not in use currently)
\par 
\par Red Bar Tools    \tab Press the increment and decrement buttons to click through \tab \tab \tab preloaded 'spec' values. Experiment with inventing your own tools by \tab \tab \tab entering spec values into the 2 edit boxes and clicking the miniature \tab 
\tab \tab 'enter ' button under the increment and decrement buttons.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab Click down the 'WILD' button to modify the way the 'Color Field' is \tab \tab \tab used. (Note there is a bug on this, down state is not always correct)
\par 
\par Pen                     \tab Select from a range of logical pen modes. Return to the big button for \tab \tab \tab normal drawing.
\par 
\par Cm                      \tab Select from a range of logical copy modes.. Return to the big button \tab \tab \tab for normal drawing.
\par 
\par 
\par Get&Save Spec     Refers to 'Spec' values accessed with left and right arrows
\par                       \tab to change FX tools. If you experiment with inserting your
\par                      \tab own values, do not change drawing tool while doing this as
\par                     \tab it will automatically reset to default values.}{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0  }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 Later you can
\par                      \tab save your own values using a new file name or add extra values to \tab \tab \tab the default files in the spaces left vacant  (0,0).
\par 
\par                     \tab WARNING There is nothing to stop you changing or deleting
\par                       \tab default spec values, they have been left visible so that extra
\par                      \tab values can be added to the empty spaces. These are the default file \tab \tab \tab names:
\par 
\par Aliens\tab \tab \tab \tab Spec.spl
\par Twister, CPU, Do loop\tab \tab Hispec.spl
\par BIOS\tab \tab \tab \tab Nuspec.spl
\par 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 THE COLOR  EDITOR}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par Zip Art version 1 uses an underlying colorfield to define the pen color. The pen color is applied to the current drawing tool 
dynamically, it is changed continuously depending on where the cursor is on screen. To specify the underlying color, you can either use one of the predefined color palettes, accessed with keys q to p or you can mix your own palettes with The Color Editor.

\par 
\par To view the predefined color palettes press F12 to go to the The Color Editor, then press on each of the keys q to p. To view the field, press 'realise color field', then press space bar to return to The Color Editor. You can also copy the color field to 
the drawing area by pressing 'copy color field'. Notice that there are two arrangements of each color palette, the default, 'Corner Color' and the alternative, 'Center Color'.
\par 
\par You can change any of the components of a color field with the tools provided. 
You can temporarily load your color palettes onto one the four  'tabs' on The Color Editor. Press reset color and then click 1 to 4 to load your color onto the 'tab' or click on to 1 to 4 when reset is not down to load your 'tab' onto the palette. You can
 also store your color palettes on a key by using shift+key but you must overwrite one of the keys q to p. Finally you can make a file of your tabs or your key colors.
\par 
\par The key colors are stored in a file named qwerty.kcl. This file is loaded automatically when you open Zip Art but you can load your own palette files at run time. Be careful not to overwrite qwerty.kcl unless you are sure you want Zip Art to load your own
 palettes automatically. Note that the default palette on 'p' cannot be overwritten.
\par 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 KEYBOARD LAYOUT}{\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 : }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0  HOT KEYS  
\par  }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par 'space bar'\tab                  HIDE all controls
\par 'NumPad.Del'              Clear Screen
\par 'ENTER'                      SHOW Log Playback Controls. \{Top level\}
\par 'NumPadZero'             SHOW Drawing Tools          \{Main level\}
\par 'NumPadAdd'              SHOW Advanced - settings for Color, Pen and Copy
\par                                     modes and parameters FX tools.\{Low Level\}
\par 
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 'q' 'w' 'e' 'r' 't' 'y' 'u' 'i' 'o' 'p'\tab colorfield selection.
\par 
\par TIP>>>          There is a little MIMIC above the Drawing Tools which shows Colors.
\par 
\par 'p'             This is default 'Rainbow'.
\par ' [ ' \tab \tab corner colorfield layout  (default)
\par ' ] '\tab \tab center colorfield layout  (option to rearrange colors)
\par 
\par 'a' 's' 'd' 'f' 'g' 'h'\tab \tab Colorfield Modifiers
\par 
\par 'a'\tab \tab more blue
\par 's'\tab \tab more red
\par 'd'\tab \tab darker
\par 'f'\tab \tab lighter
\par 'g'\tab \tab less chroma
\par 'h'\tab \tab more chroma
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 'z'\tab \tab zero log counter
\par 'x'\tab \tab stop log play
\par 'c'\tab \tab play log
\par 'b'\tab \tab show saved image 'b' (TIP>>> blue sky pre-loaded)
\par 'B'\tab \tab record current image into memory on 'b'
\par 'n'\tab \tab show saved image 'n'
\par 'N'\tab \tab record current image into memory on 'n'
\par 'm'\tab \tab show saved image 'm'
\par 'M'\tab \tab record current image into memory on 'm'
\par 
\par nb. copymode for showing saved images 'b', 'n', 'm' can be modified with 
\par Cm button drawing control panel.
\par 
\par TIP>>>        You can combine images stored in 'b','n','m' with screen by
\par                     selecting a non default Cm (Copy mode).
\par 
\par '<'\tab \tab }{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0  Decrement value of parame}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 ters \{used for FX tools\}
\par '>'\tab \tab  Increment  value of }{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 parameters}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0  \{used for FX tools\}
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par TIP>>>        There are 2 more image memories, PageUp, PageDown.
\par                     These are always Default Copy Mode.
\par 
\par 
\par 'PageUp'                     Show saved image.
\par 'shift+PageUp'            Record current image.
\par 'PageDown'                Show saved image.
\par 'shift+PageDown'       Record current image.
\par 
\par TIP>>>                         Home' will undo.                         
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 'NumPad1'                  Penwidth:= 1
\par 'NumPad2'                  Penwidth:= 2
\par 'NumPad3'                  Penwidth:= 4
\par 'NumPad4'                  Penwidth:= 8
\par 'NumPad5'                  Penwidth:= 16
\par 'NumPad6'                  Penwidth:= 32
\par 'NumPad7'                  Penwidth:= 64
\par 'NumPad8'                  Penwidth:= 128
\par 'NumPad9'                  Penwidth:= 256
\par 'NumPad*'                   Penwidth:= 512
\par 'NumPad/'                   Penwidth:= 1024
\par 
\par 'End'                       Select: Draw bounding box.
\par 'UpArrow'               Zoom enlarge contents of bounding to fill screen.
\par 'DownArrow'          Zoom reduce entire screen to fit in bou}{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 n}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 ding box.
\par 'LeftArrow'              Decrement PenWidth
\par 'RightArrow'            Increment PenWidth
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par 'Ctrl+a'                   Copy entire current image to clipboard
\par 'Ctrl+z'                   Paste image onto entire screen
\par 'Ctrl+c'                   Copy image inside bounding box
\par 'Ctrl+v'                   Paste image into area inside bounding box
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par TIP>>>              You can copy an image from inside bounding box onto
\par                            entire screen and vice versa. Infinitely Variable Zoom!
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par TIP>>>       'Ctrl+Mouse}{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0  }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 Drag'   Move image.
\par 
\par F1               Help File.
\par F11\tab            }{\fs22\cf1\cgrid0  }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 Show dataform (advanced diagnostic tool.)
\par F12\tab          \tab Show Colorfield editor.
\par ________________________________________________________________________
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 KNOWN BUGS>>>     
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 Replay will recognise image 'b' stored in memory only.
\par 
\par Replay will not recognise 'Move image' control or clipboard actions. 
\par 
\par There is no Print command, copy onto Clipboard and Export.
\par 
\par If you change tool bar or hide it while you mouse button down and are drawing, Zip Art will Undo (delete) the most recent part of your drawing.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf2\cgrid0 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par 
\par Earth Light Studio\tab \tab   \tab \tab \tab          \tab            London, England
\par 
\par ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par 
\par Zip Art (c) Copyright 1996\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab        all rights reserved.
\par 
\par ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~}{\f1\fs22\cf1\cgrid0 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\fs22\cgrid0 
\par 
\par }}